# About Me

## Background

<p>I was exposed to tech at a young age and some of my earliest memories are of building computers with my father at the age of 4. In elementary school I always finished the computer courses much quicker than the rest of the students which had me filling that class time by maintaining the computer labs and writing programs in BASIC. I spent most of my time taking things apart to see how they worked, being an early adopter to new technologies, and optimizing the digital systems around my life.  </p>

<p>After college, I spent around 12 years executing projects in the Telecommunications and IT industries. My work was mainly centered around large-scale network and infrastructure installs, but I was also often called in to solve and troubleshoot a wide variety of technical problems. I eventually became disenfranchised and chose to leave the industry and work that typically had me providing services for extractive and unethical corporations such as oil companies, banks, and government services. </p>

<p>More recently, I have spent the past four years working as a Senior IT Manager for what is now one of the largest cannabis retailers in Canada. I joined the team just before legalization happened in Canada, and since then the industry has changed fairly significantly to resemble the industries I chose to leave in the past. It has been an invaluable opportunity to learn how to thrive in the fast paced and rapidly changing nature of a start-up environment while solving complex business process challenges, and providing leadership in supporting a growing enterprise. I am looking to join a new team that more closely resonates with my values now that the company has successfully gone public with fully streamlined systems, and a capable replacement in place. </p>

## Decentralization

<p>I was first exposed to Bitcoin in 2012, around the time that I was also deeply interested in peer-to-peer technologies. I got quite excited by the technology and ended up experimenting by paying for services online with bitcoin. Unfortunately, I lacked friends who shared my curiosity and foresight, and going against my intuition, was eventually talked out of getting deeper into it by a gold bug friend. (This gold bug friend of course ended up coming to me for advice last year.) I ended up getting distracted with my career for a few years and wasn't reintroduced to crypto until 2016/2017. I had moved to a new city and ended up meeting a group of crypto enthusiasts who were quite involved in the space. The group convinced me that it wasn't too late to get involved and it was then that it became one of my biggest passions. </p>

<p>I wanted to get more involved in the space and ended up taking a Social Media Management position for a project that was preparing for its ICO. The project ended up fizzling out quite quickly, but I was still determined to get more involved. In the process of interviewing for a position on a well-known project I was exposed to the Decentralized Web Summit, which was also where I first heard about Protocol Labs. There was a particular panel at this summit called The Abundance Game by Joseph Poon that really got me thinking deeper about the longer-term implications and wider possibilities of decentralized technologies. I spent a lot of my time over the years since then researching, testing projects and building nodes. More recently, I have been building a variety of web3 apps in my spare time to gain a deeper understanding of the underlying technology. I've also spent the past six months living in El Salvador where Bitcoin is now accepted as legal tender.  </p>

<p>As a member of a nation that was nearly destroyed and still rebuilding from the effects of colonization and centralization, I'm interested in decentralized technologies because I believe they represent the best hope in our fight against the never-ending assault on our collective rights, privacy, and sovereignty. We are at a turning point where this technology can either be used as a tool to aid in our battle against the over-centralization of government powers, or further enslave us. I'm highly determined to join a team that is on the right side of history and developing the tools needed to help push humanity forward and build a more fair & equitable future at this critical time in our society's evolution. </p>

